Why does X need to be a handle?


* ndi_base --
	It doesn't. It is just a unique label. It can be an instance.

Conclusion: NO

* ndi_leaf --
	ndi_leaf objects are just a ndi_base with a name. It can be an instance, does not need to update (and it won't if there are multiple copies).

Conclusion: NO

* ndi_dbleaf_branch --

	These objects can be on disk or in memory. What if we have a huge one
in memory? We don't want every instance to need to copy it.

	BUT, if we had the thing in memory, we could end up with multiple
copies that might be bad. How could this happen, potentially? 
	Suppose we get a subbranch.
		If it is in memory, then we get a live handle. Changes propagate back to the parent. But, the user probably doesn't want to work 
			in only memory under normal circumstances. 
		Suppose it is not in memory. Then we get a live handle, but it may have copies. Changes do not propagate back without saving.

		No guarantee that changes will be encoded in copies of handles in non-memory implementation, and there is the update method.

Conclusion: NO


* ndi_filenavigator --

Need to refer back to the experiment as a handle, that's all, so not really

Conclusion: NO

* ndi_daqsystem

Like ndi_filenavigator, it needs to refer back to the experiment as a handle. But, we don't want to have lots of copies of them (because its messy), and
they are really tiny in memory. So no handle.

Conclusion: NO

* ndi_experiment --

	I would say because it is the top of a tree of data; you need it to
reference all of the other stuff; it maintains the relative-ness of all the
other objects (because 'path' is passed down via the experiment)

But why not pass down the path as data rather than a handle?
	This forces a narrow view as to what "path" means; what if it becomes some other object down the road. Passing the handle allows other aspects of the experiment to influence the data structures.

OK, but if we pass the experiment as a handle, shouldn't we ensure there aren't multiple copies of the experiment in memory?  
	That seems noble. Might want a unique identifier beyond reference for the experiment.

But what if I want to open 10000 experiments? 10000 handles?
	Should be okay.

Conclusion: YES, it should be a handle

* ndi_variable

It's an ndi_dbleaf_branch, so it should also be NO


* ndi_syncgraph --

One big question is whether or not it is too slow to copy the epochgraph from
a cache on each traverse.  If the answer to that question were that it is too
slow, then there is no point in having it as a standard object. I don't know.

Another issue is that we don't want to rebuild the whole dang graph if a couple
entries in the epochtable change.

But we also need to be able to rebuild the whole graph, or rebuild the part
related to a particular epochset.

SO, I decided this would not be a handle but would be linked to the experiment, which is
a handle. It uses the experiment cache to store computation.

Another issue is, when do we check to see if the syncgraph needs to be updated?
Do we do it on every conversion?   No, we make people call an update command to clear the
cache.

So, I decided to make people clear the cache.

On the handle issue, should be a NO

---------


Does it work to have objects be data and simply refer to handles?

No, one runs into two problems.

Either the storage handles will be deleted, or they will always be referred to
by the storage class, in which case it will be totally unclear when they should
be deleted unless one makes some sort of counter.

Counter counterexample (2nd example is counterexample):

function 

	a = newstoragehandle  % counter :1
	b = a          

	% b delete, counter: 0, deleted
	% a delete, attempted deletion of handle that is already gone, no error

end


myobj.a = newstoragehandle; % counter: 1

b = f(myobj)

 % myobj is not a handle, so it will be destroyed upon exit from the function
 % : counter 0, deleted
 

